Updates main README (#847)
android/architecture-samples: README.md

# Android Architecture Blueprints
<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture/wiki/images/aab-logov2.png" alt="Illustration by Virginia Poltrack"/>
</p>

Android Architecture Blueprints is a project to showcase different architectural approaches to developing Android apps. In its different branches you'll find the same app (a TODO app) implemented with small differences.

In this branch you'll find:
*   User Interface built with **[Jetpack Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose)** 

> *   A single-activity architecture, using the **[Navigation component](https://developer.android.com/guide/navigation/navigation-getting-started)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   A single-activity architecture, using **[Navigation Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/navigation)**.
```

### Stable samples - Kotlin
|     Sample     | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| [main](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture/tree/main) | This branch |
| [hilt](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture/tree/hilt) | A simple Hilt setup that removes the two flavors and service locator (not using Compose yet) |
| [usecases](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture/tree/usecases) | Adds a new domain layer that uses UseCases for business logic (not using Compose yet) |

> | [views](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture/tree/views) | Adds a new domain layer that uses UseCases for business logic (not using Compose yet) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [views](https://github.com/googlesamples/android-architecture/tree/views) | Uses Views instead of Jetpack Compose to render UI elements on the screen |
```
